Privacy Policy

Vipul Mittal built the Contact app as a Commercial app. This SERVICE is provided by Vipul Mittal and is intended for use as is.

This page is used to inform visitors regarding my policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use my Service.

If you choose to use my Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. The Personal Information that I collect is used for providing and improving the Service. I will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.

The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, which are accessible at Contact unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy.

Permission Required
Call - I need this permission to let users call a number, directly from the app
Read Call Log - I need this permission to know the number of incoming and outgoing calls and then search the number in the offline database to show the popup of contact's name. Also, I need this permission to retrieve call logs from user's device
Read Phone State - I need this permission to notify the user as soon a call is made or received
Read Contacts - I need this permission to read contacts for the purpose of adding the contacts to my app's database. 
Write Contacts - I need this permission to add or delete contacts from user's phonebook, directly from the app
System Alert Window - I need this permission to show a popup to the user when a call is made or received.
Foreground service - I need this permission to let my app run in the background, all the time. Don't worry, it won't drain your battery as the app isn't connected to servers.
Internet - I need this permission to let a user sign in to his/her Google account. Also this permission is used to upload and download database file to and from Google Drive.
Get Accounts - I need this permission to search for all the accounts logged in the user's phone.


Information Collection and Use

For a better experience, while using our Service, I may require you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information, including but not limited to Contacts, Call Log, Accounts.

I have used ROOM database for database management, so all your data is saved on your phone and never leaves your device to my own servers. No sort of data is collected by me in any way. 

The app does use third-party services from Google Play Services


Service Providers

I have employed third-party companies and individuals due to the following reasons:

To facilitate the process of Google sign-in
To read and write contacts from your Google Account 
To backup and restore database file to Google Drive

I want to inform users of this Service that these third parties have access to their Personal Information. The reason is to perform the tasks assigned to them on our behalf. However, they are obligated not to disclose or use the information for any other purpose.

Security

I value your trust in giving your personal data to the app. I fully assure that no data leaves from your device to our own servers. All the data is stored on your phone.
You may choose to backup your database file to your Google Drive. This is the only possible way that your data leaves your phone and is sent to cloud

Links to Other Sites

This Service comtains links to other sites (WhatsApp). This link is used to open the WhatsApp page of that user. 
If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by me. Therefore, I strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. I have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.

Children’s Privacy

I do not collect personally identifiable information irrespective of age.

Changes to This Privacy Policy

I may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. I will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.

This policy is effective as of 2023-04-10

Contact Us

If you have any questions or suggestions about my Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact me at vipulmittalce@gmail.com.

This privacy policy page was created at privacypolicytemplate.net and modified/generated by App Privacy Policy Generator
